absolute bargain
absolute best
absolutely amazing
absolutely beautiful
absolutely brilliant
absolutely delicious
absolutely disgusting
absolutely fabulous
absolutely fantastic
absolutely fine
absolutely gorgeous
absolutely great
absolutely horrible
absolutely love
absolutely loved
absolutely lovely
absolutely perfect
absolutely recommend
absolutely spotless
absolutely stay
absolutely superb
absolutely tiny
absolutely wonderful
accommodating staff
actual hotel
actual room
actually booked
actually liked
actually stay
actually stayed
actually walked
added bonus
additional charge
additional charges
additional cost
additional night
adequate size
adjacent room
adjacent rooms
adjoining door
adjoining restaurant
adjoining room
adjoining rooms
affinia dumont
affinia gardens
affinia manhattan
affordable hotel
affordable place
affordable price
again? probably
airport hotel
airport pick
airport pickup
airport shuttle
airport transfer
alarm clock
alarm went
albert hall
albert museum
alcoholic drinks
alexis park
allocated room
alternative room
amazing city
amazing deal
amazing experience
amazing food
amazing hotel
amazing location
amazing place
amazing rate
amazing room
amazing service
amazing staff
amazing stay
amazing time
amazing value
amazing view
amazing views
amazingly comfortable
ambassador east
american breakfast
american express
american hotels
american standards
ample room
ample space
anniversary trip
annoying thing
answer questions
apartment building
appointed room
appointed rooms
arabian court
arabian courtyard
area around
area itself
area surrounding
arent going
around london
around midnight
around minutes
around noon
around town
arrival check
arrive early
arrive late
arrived around
arrived earlier
arrived early
arrived home
arrived hours
arrived late
arrived quite late
arriving early
arriving late
asked quot
asked reception
assigned room
assistant manager
attached restaurant
attentive service
attentive staff
auberge vieux port
augustus tower
available hours
available room
available rooms
aveda bath products
aveda products
average experience
average hotel
average hotel room
average price
average rating
average room
average rooms
average service
average size
average sized
average stay
awesome hotel
awesome location
awesome place
awesome stay
awesome view
awful experience
awful hotel
awful place
bachelor party
bachelorette party
badly stained
baked beans
baker street
balcony overlooking
balcony room
bank account
bank holiday weekend
bare feet
bare minimum
barely hear
bargain price
bargain rate
bars nearby
bars restaurants
bart station
basement level
basement room
basement rooms
basic amenities
basic clean
basic hotel
basic needs
basic room
basic rooms
bath products
bath robes
bath room
bath shower
bath towel
bath towels
bathroom amenities
bathroom area
bathroom ceiling
bathroom clean
bathroom counter
bathroom door
bathroom facilities
bathroom fixtures
bathroom floor
bathroom itself
bathroom light
bathroom looked
bathroom mirror
bathroom shower
bathroom sink
bathroom small
bathroom wall
bathroom window
battery park
bayswater road
bayswater tube station
beach area
beach hotel
beacon hotel
beaten path
beaten track
beautiful bathroom
beautiful building
beautiful city
beautiful clean
beautiful hotel
beautiful lobby
beautiful place
beautiful property
beautiful room
beautiful rooms
beautiful suite
beautiful view
beautiful views
beautifully appointed
beautifully decorated
beautifully designed
beautifully furnished
beautifully presented
bedroom apartment
bedroom area
bedroom door
bedroom suite
bedroom suites
bedroom unit
bedroom window
beds comfortable
bedside table
bedside tables
bell boys
bell captain
bell centre
bell desk
bell hops
bell service
bell staff
bellagio fountains
beresford arms
best area
best beds
best breakfast
best choice
best deal
best deals
best experience
best feature
best features
best food
best friend
best holiday
best hotel
best hotel experience
best hotel experiences
best hotel stayed
best hotels
best kept secret
best location
best locations
best meal
best meals
best nights sleep
best option
best parts
best place
best places
best price
best rate
best rates
best restaurants
best room
best rooms
best service
best shopping
best sleep
best staff
best stay
best stayed
best steak
best thing
best things
best time
best value
best view
best views
best western
best weve
better breakfast
better choice
better choices
better deal
better deals
better experience
better food
better hotel
better hotels
better located
better location
better locations
better ones
better option
better options
better place
better places
better price
better quality
better rate
better room
better rooms
better service
better stay
better value
better view
better views
bigger hotels
bigger room
bigger rooms
biggest complaint
biggest disappointment
biggest gripe
biggest issue
biggest problem
biggest room
birthday cake
birthday celebration
birthday present
birthday treat
birthday trip
birthday weekend
black mold
blackjack tables
bliss products
block away
block east
block north
block radius
block south
block walk
block west
blocks away
blocks east
blocks north
blocks south
blocks walk
blocks west
blood stains
blow dryer
blown away
blue line
blue moon
boarding pass
boarding passes
body lotion
boiled eggs
bond street
book ahead
book direct
book directly
book early
book online
booked direct
booked directly
booked early
booked months
booked nights
booked online
booked room
booked rooms
booked solid
booking agent
booking confirmation
booking directly
booking online
borough market
bottle opener
bottled water
boutique hotel
boutique hotels
bowling alley
boyfriend stayed
boyfriends birthday
brand hotel
breakfast area
breakfast buffet
breakfast consisted
breakfast food
breakfast included
breakfast items
breakfast lunch
breakfast menu
breakfast overall
breakfast package
breakfast provided
breakfast restaurant
breakfast room
breakfast selection
breakfast served
breakfast service
breakfast spread
breakfast staff
breakfast time
breath away
breath taking
breathtaking view
breathtaking views
brick lane
brick wall
brick walls
brief stay
bright lights
bright spot
brilliant hotel
brilliant location
brilliant stay
brilliant time
bring earplugs
bring plugs
british airways
british library
british museum
broadway plaza
broadway shows
brooklyn bridge
bryant park
bryant park hotel
bubble bath
buckingham palace
budget hotel
budget hotels
budget price
budget traveler
budget travelers
budget traveller
budget travellers
buen hotel
buffet breakfast
buffet dinner
buffet restaurant
buffet style
building itself
building site
building work
building work going
building works
bunk beds
burger joint
burger king
burj arab
burj dubai
business area
business card
business center
business centre
business conference
business district
business hotel
business meeting
business meetings
business people
business purposes
business room
business stay
business travel
business traveler
business travelers
business traveller
business travellers
business trip
business trips
busy area
busy city
busy hotel
busy road
busy street
busy streets
busy time
busy times
busy weekend
butler service
cable cars
cable channels
cable line
cable lines
cable stop
cable turnaround
caesars palace
called ahead
called downstairs
called housekeeping
called reception
called room service
called security
came home
came time
canal street
canary wharf
cancellation policy
canï¿½t comment
cardio equipment
cardio machines
carnegie deli
carnegie hall
carpet looked
carriage house
carte menu
casino area
casino floor
casino hotel
casino hotels
casino itself
casino royale
casino staff
catherine street
catherines street
ceiling window
ceiling windows
cell phone
cell phones
central area
central heating
central hotel
central line
central location
central london
central london hotel
central park
central station
centrally located
centrally located hotel
certain time
certain times
certainly adequate
certainly recommend
certainly return
certainly stay
certainly worth
chain hotel
chain hotels
chancellor hotel
chancery court
change clothes
change hotels
change room
change rooms
changed daily
changed rooms
changing rooms
charge extra
charged extra
charged pounds
charged twice
charing cross
charming hotel
cheap breakfast
cheap clean
cheap compared
cheap deal
cheap hotel
cheap hotels
cheap place
cheap price
cheap rate
cheap room
cheaper hotel
cheaper hotels
cheaper places
cheaper price
cheaper rate
cheapest hotel
cheapest place
cheapest room
check email
check incheck
check inout
checkout time
cheese reception
cheesecake factory
chelsea lodge
chelsea pines
chesterfield mayfair
chicago hilton
chicago hotels
chicago marathon
chicago river
child friendly
children aged
children ages
children stayed
china town
chinese food
chinese restaurant
chocolate cake
chocolate covered strawberries
christmas shopping
christmas time
chrysler building
cigarette burns
cigarette butts
cigarette smoke
circle line
circus circus
cirque soleil
city break
city center
city centre
city centre hotel
city hall
city hotel
city hotels
city lights
city noise
city overall
city pass
city tour
city view
city view room
city views
civic center
class hotel
class service
classic hotel
classic room
classy hotel
clean bathroom
clean bathrooms
clean beds
clean breakfast
clean bright
clean comfortable
clean comfortable room
clean convenient
clean friendly
clean great location
clean hotel
clean housekeeping
clean large
clean location
clean modern
clean neat
clean nice
clean nicely decorated
clean overall
clean place
clean plenty
clean quiet
clean room
clean rooms
clean safe
clean service
clean sheets
clean spacious
clean staff
clean stayed
clean tidy
clean towels
clean warm
cleaned daily
cleaned everyday
cleaned properly
cleaning lady
cleaning service
cleaning staff
clearly hear
clerk said
clerk told
climate control
clock radio
close properly
close proximity
close walk
close walking distance
closer inspection
closet door
closet space
club floor
club level
club level room
club lounge
club quarters
club room
club rooms
club sandwich
cocktail hour
cocktail waitresses
coffee available
coffee cups
coffee facilities
coffee machine
coffee maker
coffee makers
coffee making facilities
coffee service
coffee shop
coffee shops
coffee table
coit tower
cold buffet
cold drinks
cold food
cold items
cold outside
cold shower
cold towels
cold water
cold weather
color scheme
columbus circle
columbus motor
come around
come close
come home
comfort midtown
comfortable bathroom
comfortable beds
comfortable breakfast
comfortable chair
comfortable chairs
comfortable clean
comfortable especially
comfortable hotel
comfortable king
comfortable king size
comfortable location
comfortable pillows
comfortable place
comfortable quiet
comfortable room
comfortable rooms
comfortable size
comfortable staff
comfortable stay
comfortable stayed
comfortable walking distance
comfy beds
comfy chairs
comfy room
coming home
comment card
common areas
common sense
communal areas
company booked
comparable hotels
complaints whatsoever
complementary breakfast
complete lack
completely booked
completely different
completely renovated
completely satisfied
complimentary bottle
complimentary bottled water
complimentary bottles
complimentary breakfast
complimentary coffee
complimentary continental breakfast
complimentary drink
complimentary drinks
complimentary glass
complimentary shuttle
complimentary toiletries
complimentary upgrade
complimentary water
complimentary wine
computers available
concierge desk
concierge gave
concierge helped
concierge level
concierge lounge
concierge recommended
concierge service
concierge services
concierge staff
concierge told
conditioning unit
conditioning units
conditioning worked
conference center
conference facilities
conference hotel
conference room
conference rooms
confirmation email
confirmation number
confirmed reservation
congress plaza
connaught place
connecting door
connecting room
connecting rooms
consider myself
consider staying
considering staying
constant noise
construction going
construction noise
construction site
construction work
construction work going
contemporary style
continental breakfast
continental breakfast included
continental breakfasts
continental buffet
convenience store
convenience stores
convenient hotel
convenient location
convenient place
conveniently located
conveniently located near
conveniently situated
convention center
convention centre
cooked breakfast
cool hotel
cool place
copthorne tara
corner bakery
corner room
corner rooms
corner suite
corporate rate
correct room
cosmopolitan hotel
cost around
counter space
county hall
couple blocks
couple blocks away
couple days
couple hours
couple minutes
couple nights
couple times
couple years
coupon book
course meal
courteous helpful
courteous staff
courtyard marriott
courtyard room
courtyard rooms
covent garden
covent garden hotel
cream cheese
credit card
credit card company
credit card details
credit card number
credit card statement
credit cards
crescent street
cromwell road
crown plaza
crowne plaza
cruise ship
cubs game
cupboard space
curtains closed
customer care
customer service
daily basis
daily breakfast
daily maid service
daily rate
dark room
dark wood
daughter loved
daughters birthday
days later
days nights
days prior
days sightseeing
days stay
deal breaker
debit card
decent bathroom
decent breakfast
decent deal
decent food
decent hotel
decent location
decent nights sleep
decent place
decent price
decent rate
decent restaurants
decent room
decent selection
decent shower
decent size
decent sized
decent stay
decent value
decent view
decorated beautifully
decorated nicely
definately book
definately come
definately recommend
definately return
definately stay
definately worth
definatley stay
definatly stay
definetely stay
definetly recommend
definetly stay
definite plus
definitely book
definitely choose
definitely come
definitely consider
definitely consider staying
definitely going
definitely look
definitely make
definitely need
definitely plan
definitely recommend
definitely recommend staying
definitely return
definitely stay
definitely visit
definitely worth
definitley stay
definitly stay
defintely stay
degree heat
degree weather
degrees outside
delayed flight
delicious breakfast
delicious food
delightful hotel
delightful stay
delivered promptly
delta centre ville
delta montreal
delux room
deluxe double
deluxe double room
deluxe king
deluxe king room
deluxe room
deluxe rooms
deluxe suite
desert rose
desert safari
desk agent
desk area
desk asked
desk attendant
desk called
desk chair
desk check
desk clerk
desk clerk said
desk clerk told
desk clerks
desk concierge
desk employees
desk folks
desk gave
desk informed
desk lady
desk manager
desk offered
desk people
desk person
desk personnel
desk said
desk service
desk staff
desk told
desperate need
despite having
diamond member
didnï¿½t bother
didnï¿½t know
didnï¿½t want
diet coke
different areas
different experience
different floor
different floors
different hotel
different hotels
different kinds
different lines
different location
different occasions
different parts
different people
different places
different restaurants
different room
different rooms
different story
different times
different types
dining area
dining options
dining room
dining table
dinner buffet
dinner drinks
dinner reservation
dinner reservations
dinning room
dire need
direct access
direct view
directly opposite
dirt cheap
dirty dishes
dirty room
dirty towels
disabled room
disappointing experience
disappointing stay
discount rate
discounted price
discounted rate
district line
district lines
disturb sign
disturbquot sign
docking station
docklands light railway
does make
doesnt bother
doesnt feel
doesnt look
doesnt make
doesnt matter
doesnt want
doesnt work
doing business
donï¿½t expect
donï¿½t know
donï¿½t need
donï¿½t think
donï¿½t want
door closed
door handle
door lock
door open
door opened
door staff
door step
doors away
doors open
doors slamming
dorm room
double beds
double booked
double check
double decker
double double
double double room
double glazed
double glazing
double room
double rooms
double sinks
double sofa
downright rude
downtown area
downtown chicago
downtown core
downtown francisco
downtown hotel
downtown hotels
downtown location
downtown london
downtown manhattan
downtown montreal
downtown vegas
dozen times
drain properly
drake hotel
drawer space
drawing room
dream hotel
dress code
dressing area
dressing table
drink prices
drink service
drinking water
drive around
drug store
drury lane
dubai airport
dubai creek
dubai hotels
dubai mall
dubai marina
dubai museum
dunkin donuts
duty free
duty manager
duvet cover
earlier review
earlier reviews
earls court
earls court road
earls court station
earls court tube
earls court tube station
earls court underground station
early afternoon
early april
early arrival
early august
early check
early december
early evening
early flight
early hours
early july
early june
early march
early morning
early morning flight
early november
early october
early risers
early september
early start
easily accessed
easily accessible
easily reached
easily walk
easily walkable
easily walked
east coast
east river
east tower
east village
easter weekend
eastgate tower
easy access
easy chair
easy check
easy minute walk
easy reach
easy ride
easy walk
easy walking
easy walking distance
eating area
eating breakfast
eating places
efficient check
efficient service
efficient staff
eggs benedict
eiffel tower
eighth floor
electric kettle
electrical outlets
elegant hotel
elevator lobby
elevator shaft
ellis island
email confirmation
embassy suites
emirates mall
empire hotel
empire state
empire state bldg
empire state building
english breakfast
english breakfast included
english channels
english language
enjoy staying
enjoy walking
enjoyable experience
enjoyable stay
enjoyed breakfast
enjoyed having
enjoyed staying
ensuite bathroom
entire city
entire experience
entire floor
entire hotel
entire life
entire place
entire room
entire staff
entire stay
entire time
entire trip
entire week
entire weekend
especially appreciated
especially enjoyed
especially good
especially helpful
especially liked
especially loved
especially nice
espresso machine
essex house
ethernet cable
european feel
european hotel
european hotels
european standards
euston road
euston station
evening drinks
evening meal
evening meals
evening reception
evening turn
evening wine
evening wine reception
everyones taste
exceeded expectations
excellent base
excellent breakfast
excellent choice
excellent close
excellent condition
excellent customer service
excellent deal
excellent especially
excellent experience
excellent facilities
excellent food
excellent hotel
excellent hotel stayed
excellent location
excellent location close
excellent location right
excellent location stayed
excellent place
excellent position
excellent price
excellent quality
excellent rate
excellent rating
excellent restaurant
excellent restaurants
excellent reviews
excellent right
excellent room
excellent rooms
excellent selection
excellent service
excellent shower
excellent staff
excellent stay
excellent stayed
excellent time
excellent value
excellent view
excellent views
excellent water pressure
exceptional hotel
exceptional service
exceptional value
exceptionally clean
exceptionally comfortable
exceptionally friendly
exceptionally helpful
exceptionally nice
exchange rate
exec lounge
executive double
executive floor
executive king
executive king room
executive level
executive lounge
executive room
executive rooms
executive suite
exercise room
expect luxury
expected better
expensive breakfast
expensive city
expensive compared
expensive hotel
expensive hotels
expensive place
expensive places
expensive room
expensive rooms
explore london
exploring london
express check
express train
extended stay
extra blanket
extra blankets
extra bucks
extra charge
extra charges
extra cost
extra dollars
extra hour
extra mile
extra money
extra night
extra pillow
extra pillows
extra pounds
extra room
extra space
extra touches
extra towel
extra towels
extremely accommodating
extremely accomodating
extremely attentive
extremely busy
extremely clean
extremely close
extremely comfortable
extremely comfy
extremely convenient
extremely courteous
extremely difficult
extremely disappointed
extremely easy
extremely efficient
extremely expensive
extremely friendly
extremely good
extremely good value
extremely happy
extremely hard
extremely helpful
extremely impressed
extremely large
extremely loud
extremely nice
extremely noisy
extremely pleasant
extremely pleased
extremely polite
extremely professional
extremely quiet
extremely reasonable
extremely rude
extremely slow
extremely small
extremely spacious
extremely tiny
extremely uncomfortable
fabulous city
fabulous experience
fabulous hotel
fabulous location
fabulous place
fabulous stay
fabulous time
fabulous view
face cloths
face lift
fair price
fair size
fairly basic
fairly cheap
fairly clean
fairly close
fairly comfortable
fairly easy
fairly expensive
fairly good
fairly large
fairly nice
fairly priced
fairly quiet
fairly small
fairly spacious
fairmont queen elizabeth
fall asleep
falling apart
false advertising
false alarm
family friendly
family holiday
family hotel
family member
family members
family room
family rooms
family stayed
family suite
family trip
family vacation
fancy hotel
fantastic breakfast
fantastic city
fantastic deal
fantastic especially
fantastic experience
fantastic holiday
fantastic hotel
fantastic location
fantastic place
fantastic rate
fantastic restaurants
fantastic right
fantastic room
fantastic service
fantastic staff
fantastic stay
fantastic time
fantastic trip
fantastic value
fantastic view
fantastic views
farmers market
fashion mall
fast food
fast food places
favorite hotel
favorite hotels
favorite place
favourite hotel
fawlty towers
feather pillows
feel better
feel comfortable
feel compelled
feel cramped
feel free
feel right
feel safe
feel sorry
feel special
feel uncomfortable
feel unsafe
feel welcome
feel welcomed
feet away
feet deep
fell asleep
fellow guests
fellow travelers
fellow travellers
felt comfortable
felt compelled
felt completely safe
felt cramped
felt right
felt safe
felt safe walking
felt safe walking around
felt sorry
felt threatened
felt uncomfortable
felt unsafe
ferry building
field museum
fifth avenue
fifth floor
final night
final note
final straw
finally able
finally arrived
finally called
finally checked
finally decided
finally gave
finally given
financial district
fine arts
fine clean
fine dining
fine hotel
fine hotels
fine location
fine place
finest hotels
fishermans warf
fishermans wharf
fishermans wharf area
fishermanï¿½s wharf
fitness area
fitness center
fitness centre
fitness facilities
fitness facility
fitness room
flat panel
flat rate
flat screen
flat screen television
flat screens
flight arrived
flight home
flip flops
floor facing
floor lobby
floor looking
floor lounge
floor near
floor overlooking
floor restaurant
floor right
floor room
floor rooms
floor space
floor suite
floor view
fluffy pillows
fluffy towels
flush properly
following morning
following night
fond memories
food available
food choices
food court
food items
food options
food outlets
food places
food poisoning
food quality
food served
food service
foot traffic
forbidden city
forum shops
fourth floor
fourth stay
fourth time
francis drake
free access
free bottle
free bottled water
free bottles
free breakfast
free breakfast buffet
free coffee
free computers
free continental breakfast
free drink
free drinks
free entry
free glass
free high speed internet
free internet
free internet access
free internet connection
free internet service
free newspaper
free night
free nights
free parking
free room
free room upgrade
free service
free shuttle
free shuttle service
free stay
free tickets
free trolley
free upgrade
free water
free weights
free wifi
free wine
free wireless
free wireless internet
free wireless internet access
freemont street
freezing cold
fremont experience
fremont street
fremont street experience
french concession
french doors
french toast
frequent traveler
frequent traveller
frequent visitor
fresh coffee
fresh flowers
fresh fruit
fresh fruits
fresh milk
fresh paint
fresh towels
freshly cooked
friday afternoon
friday evening
friday morning
friday night
fridge microwave
fried eggs
friend booked
friend recommended
friend stayed
friendliest staff
friendly atmosphere
friendly breakfast
friendly check
friendly courteous
friendly efficient
friendly especially
friendly helpful
friendly helpful staff
friendly hotel
friendly location
friendly manner
friendly overall
friendly people
friendly place
friendly polite
friendly professional
friendly reception staff
friendly room
friendly rooms
friendly service
friendly smile
friendly staff
friendly welcome
friends birthday
friends room
friends stayed
friends staying
friends wedding
frills hotel
frosted glass
fruit basket
fruit juice
fruit juices
fruit salad
fully booked
fully equipped
fully equipped kitchen
fully stocked
funny smell
funny thing
future stays
future trips
future visit
future visits
gain access
garbage trucks
garden area
garden room
garden view
gatwick airport
gatwick express
general area
general manager
generally clean
generally friendly
generally good
generally helpful
generally stay
generous size
generously sized
genuinely friendly
gets better
getting around
getting around london
getting married
getting ready
getting used
ghiradelli square
gift certificate
gift shop
gild hall
girlfriend stayed
girls trip
girls weekend
given away
given keys
given room
given rooms
giving directions
gladly stay
glass door
glass shower
glass wall
gloucester road
gloucester road tube
gloucester road tube station
gloucester tube station
glowing reviews
going home
going outside
going rate
gold coast
gold member
gold souk
gold spike
golden gate
golden gate bridge
golden gate park
golden nugget
golden sands
golf course
gone downhill
good access
good advice
good alternative
good amenities
good area
good atmosphere
good bargain
good bars
good base
good basic hotel
good bathroom
good breakfast
good budget hotel
good buffet
good business hotel
good care
good central location
good check
good choice
good choices
good clean
good clean hotel
good cleaning
good close
good coffee
good condition
good considering
good continental breakfast
good customer service
good deal
good deals
good english
good especially
good experience
good experiences
good facilities
good food
good hotel
good hotel great location
good hotel stayed
good hotels
good idea
good impression
good laugh
good lighting
good location
good location close
good location near
good location stayed
good lots
good luck
good meal
good minute walk
good minutes
good morning
good neighborhood
good news
good night
good night sleep
good nights rest
good nights sleep
good option
good order
good overall
good place
good places
good plenty
good point
good points
good position
good pressure
good price
good prices
good pubs
good quality
good quality hotel
good range
good rate
good rates
good reason
good reception
good repair
good restaurant
good restaurants
good restaurants nearby
good review
good reviews
good right
good room
good rooms
good selection
good service
good shape
good shopping
good shops
good shower
good sign
good size
good size bathroom
good size clean
good size room
good sized
good sized bathroom
good sized room
good sleep
good spot
good staff
good standard
good star
good star hotel
good start
good stay
good stayed
good stuff
good thing
good things
good time
good times
good trip
good value
good value great location
good value hotel
good value stayed
good variety
good view
good views
good walk
good water pressure
good work
good working order
gorgeous hotel
gorgeous view
grand cafe
grand canyon
grand central
grand central station
grand central terminal
grand hotel
grand hyatt
grand union
grant park
great access
great addition
great advice
great alternative
great amenities
great area
great atmosphere
great bargain
great bars
great base
great bathroom
great beds
great bonus
great boutique hotel
great breakfast
great budget hotel
great central location
great check
great choice
great city
great clean
great close
great coffee
great condition
great customer service
great deal
great deals
great deli
great dinner
great especially
great experience
great facilities
great family hotel
great feature
great food
great having
great help
great holiday
great hotel
great hotel experience
great hotel great location
great hotel location
great hotel stayed
great hotels
great idea
great little
great little hotel
great little place
great location
great location clean
great location close
great location friendly staff
great location good value
great location great hotel
great location great location
great location great price
great location great staff
great location great value
great location hotel
great location near
great location nice hotel
great location right
great location rooms
great location stayed
great location walking distance
great lots
great meal
great near
great neighborhood
great night
great nights sleep
great option
great overall
great people
great pillows
great place
great places
great plenty
great plus
great pool
great position
great price
great prices
great property
great quality
great rate
great rates
great recommendations
great resort
great restaurant
great restaurants
great reviews
great right
great room
great rooms
great selection
great service
great shape
great shopping
great shops
great shower
great size
great small hotel
great spot
great staff
great start
great stay
great stay stayed
great stayed
great suggestions
great surprise
great thing
great things
great time
great tips
great touch
great trip
great vacation
great value
great value great location
great value hotel
great value stayed
great variety
great view
great views
great visit
great walk
great walking distance
great wall
great water pressure
great week
great weekend
greatly appreciated
green park
green park tube
green park tube station
greenwich village
greeted warmly
grocery store
grocery stores
grosvenor house
grosvenor suites
ground floor
ground floor room
ground level
ground zero
guess thats
guest room
guest rooms
guest services
guests staying
guided tour
habtoor grand
hadnt booked
hadnt seen
hair dryer
hair dryers
half away
half block
half block away
half board
half hour
half price
hallway noise
hallway outside
hancock building
hancock tower
hand basin
hand towel
hand towels
handicap room
handicapped room
handy location
hang around
hang clothes
hanging around
hanging space
happily recommend
happily return
happily stay
happily surprised
happy birthday
happy hour
harbor court
hard beds
hard boiled eggs
hard pressed
hard rock
hard rock cafe
hard rock hotel
hard time
hard time finding
hardwood floors
harrington hall
harvey nichols
hash browns
hassle free
havent seen
havent stayed
having booked
having breakfast
having problems
having read
having said
having spent
having stayed
health club
hear noise
hear people
hear people talking
heart beat
heartily recommend
hearty breakfast
heat wave
heated pool
heated towel rack
heathrow airport
heathrow express
heavenly beds
heavy bags
heavy luggage
heavy sleeper
heavy traffic
hell hole
hells kitchen
helped make
helpful breakfast
helpful check
helpful concierge
helpful especially
helpful friendly
helpful location
helpful overall
helpful particularly
helpful people
helpful polite
helpful room
helpful rooms
helpful service
helpful staff
herald square
herald square hotel
high ceilings
high cost
high expectations
high floor
high floor room
high hopes
high hotel
high hotels
high level
high price
high prices
high quality
high rating
high room
high season
high speed
high speed internet
high speed internet access
high standard
high standards
high street
high street kensington
higher floor
higher floors
higher level
higher price
higher rate
higher standard
highest floor
highest quality
highly reccomend
highly reccommend
highly recomend
highly recommend
highly recommend staying
highly recommended
highly suggest
hill motor
hilton chicago
hilton dubai creek
hilton garden
hilton honors member
hilton hotel
hilton hotels
hilton paddington
hilton properties
hilton times square
hilton website
hilton york
historic building
historic hotel
holborn tube station
holiday express
holiday inns
holiday kensington
holiday kensington forum
holiday mayfair
holiday midtown
holiday season
holiday weekend
home away
home base
homeless people
homewood suites
hong kong
horrible experience
horrible hotel
horrible place
horrible service
horror stories
hospitality industry
hotel adagio
hotel allegro
hotel amenities
hotel apart
hotel appeared
hotel appears
hotel area
hotel around
hotel arranged
hotel away
hotel bars
hotel based
hotel beacon
hotel beds
hotel belleclaire
hotel blake
hotel booked
hotel breakfast
hotel building
hotel burnham
hotel business
hotel called
hotel came
hotel carlton
hotel casino
hotel caters
hotel certainly
hotel chain
hotel chains
hotel chandler
hotel charged
hotel charges
hotel check
hotel choice
hotel claims
hotel clean
hotel close
hotel closer
hotel complex
hotel concierge
hotel considering
hotel cost
hotel decor
hotel definitely
hotel deserves
hotel despite
hotel direct
hotel directly
hotel diva
hotel does
hotel doesnt
hotel door
hotel drisco
hotel early
hotel elysee
hotel employee
hotel employees
hotel entrance
hotel especially
hotel exceeded
hotel excellent
hotel experience
hotel facilities
hotel feels
hotel felt
hotel food
hotel fort
hotel gault
hotel gave
hotel george
hotel gets
hotel giraffe
hotel given
hotel gives
hotel great
hotel great location
hotel grounds
hotel guest
hotel guests
hotel having
hotel highly
hotel hotel
hotel including
hotel indigo
hotel industry
hotel instead
hotel itself
hotel james
hotel lacks
hotel late
hotel later
hotel left
hotel lived
hotel lobby
hotel located
hotel location
hotel look
hotel looked
hotel looks
hotel lots
hotel mainly
hotel make sure
hotel makes
hotel management
hotel manager
hotel maybe
hotel mela
hotel metro
hotel monaco
hotel myself
hotel near
hotel needs
hotel nelligan
hotel newton
hotel nikko
hotel offered
hotel offers
hotel online
hotel opened
hotel overall
hotel overlooking
hotel palomar
hotel park
hotel parking
hotel paul
hotel personnel
hotel phone
hotel policy
hotel pool
hotel price
hotel prices
hotel prior
hotel probably
hotel property
hotel provided
hotel provides
hotel quot
hotel rate
hotel rates
hotel recently
hotel reception
hotel refused
hotel restaurant
hotel restaurants
hotel reviews
hotel right
hotel room
hotel room itself
hotel rooms
hotel runs
hotel said
hotel security
hotel sent
hotel served
hotel service
hotel services
hotel shuttle
hotel site
hotel sits
hotel staff
hotel standards
hotel stars
hotel stay
hotel stayed
hotel takes
hotel thats
hotel theres
hotel times
hotel told
hotel took
hotel turned
hotel twice
hotel unfortunately
hotel unless
hotel upgraded
hotel used
hotel using
hotel vitale
hotel website
hotel went
hotel whilst
hotel whitcomb
hotel window
hotels around
hotels charge
hotels facilities
hotels fault
hotels location
hotels nearby
hotels offer
hotels restaurant
hotels restaurants
hotels rooms
hotels site
hotels staff
hotels stayed
hotels website
hotels weve stayed
hour drive
hour early
hour flight
hour later
hour pass
hour period
hour room service
hour wait
hours earlier
hours early
hours later
hours sleep
house keeping
house restaurant
house staff
housekeeping came
housekeeping service
housekeeping staff
hudson hotel
hudson river
huge bath
huge bathroom
huge bonus
huge choice
huge deal
huge difference
huge disappointment
huge flat screen
huge hotel
huge plus
huge problem
huge room
huge rooms
huge selection
huge shower
huge suite
huge variety
huge walk
huge window
huge windows
husband asked
husband booked
husband called
husband daughter
husband loved
husband myself
husband said
husband stayed
husband took
husband went
husbands birthday
hustle bustle
hyatt regency
hyde park
ideal base
ideal hotel
ideal location
ideal place
ideally located
ideally placed
ideally situated
imagine staying
immaculately clean
immediate area
immediate neighborhood
immediate vicinity
immediately called
immediately checked
immediately offered
immediately upgraded
immediately went
impeccable service
impeccably clean
imperial palace
important thing
important things
impressive hotel
include breakfast
included breakfast
included continental breakfast
included parking
includes breakfast
including breakfast
including taxes
inclusive breakfast
incredible service
incredible value
incredible view
incredibly clean
incredibly comfortable
incredibly friendly
incredibly helpful
incredibly noisy
incredibly quiet
incredibly rude
incredibly small
indian food
indian restaurant
indoor pool
inexpensive hotel
inexpensive place
initial impression
initially booked
inner courtyard
inside room
instant coffee
interior courtyard
interior design
interior room
internet access
internet available
internet cafe
internet cafes
internet connection
internet rate
internet service
internet site
ipod dock
ipod docking station
ironing board
italian restaurant
jacuzzi bath
james hotel
james park
japanese restaurant
jazz festival
jersey boys
jockey club
john hancock building
jubilee line
july weekend
jumeirah beach
jumeirah beach hotel
jumeriah beach
jumeriah beach hotel
junior suite
junior suites
karol bagh
kensington area
kensington close
kensington close hotel
kensington gardens
kensington high street
kensington palace
kensington park
kept awake
kept clean
kept going
kept saying
kept waiting
kids ages
kids club
kids enjoyed
kids loved
kids room
kimpton hotel
kimpton hotels
king beds
king deluxe
king deluxe room
king george
king room
king rooms
king size
king size beds
king size room
king sized
king suite
kings cross
kings cross station
kings road
kingsway hall
kitchen area
kitchen facilities
kitchen staff
knew exactly
know exactly
know london
labor weekend
lake michigan
lake view
lancaster gate
lancaster gate tube
lancaster gate tube station
language barrier
large bath
large bathroom
large bathrooms
large bedroom
large beds
large choice
large cities
large city
large clean
large closet
large comfortable
large compared
large desk
large double
large flat screen
large group
large groups
large hotel
large hotels
large living room
large number
large plasma
large pool
large room
large rooms
large screen
large selection
large shower
large suitcases
large suite
large variety
large walk
large window
large windows
larger hotels
larger room
larger rooms
larger suite
largest room
late afternoon
late april
late arrival
late august
late check
late checkout
late dinner
late evening
late flight
late july
late june
late night
late night snack
late october
late rooms
late september
later check
latin quarter
laundry facilities
laundry room
laundry service
lazy river
leave early
leave luggage
leaving early
left early
left hand
left luggage
left open
leicester square
leisure facilities
leisure travelers
leisure trip
length mirror
lets face
lexington avenue
library hotel
life guards
light breakfast
light bulb
light bulbs
light sleeper
light sleepers
light switch
light switches
liked having
likely stay
limited budget
limited choice
limited menu
limited number
limited selection
limited space
limited time
lincoln center
lincoln park
lion king
liquor store
list goes
literally around
literally right
little annoying
little apprehensive
little away
little better
little bigger
little cafe
little cheaper
little choice
little closer
little cold
little concerned
little confusing
little cramped
little crowded
little dark
little dated
little details
little different
little difficult
little dirty
little disappointed
little disappointing
little early
little english
little expensive
little extra
little extras
little hard
little hesitant
little high
little hotel
little italy
little kids
little kitchen
little kitchenette
little larger
little late
little later
little longer
little loud
little money
little nervous
little nicer
little noise
little noisy
little older
little ones
little outdated
little overpriced
little pricey
little problem
little quieter
little room
little scary
little shabby
little shops
little skeptical
little sleep
little slow
little small
little smaller
little space
little steep
little strange
little street noise
little surprised
little thing
little things
little tight
little time
little tired
little touches
little tricky
little uncomfortable
little walk
little warm
little wary
little weird
little worn
little worried
live music
liverpool station
liverpool street
liverpool street station
living area
living room
living room area
lobby area
lobby floor
lobby level
lobby lounge
lobby restaurant
lobby staff
local area
local attractions
local calls
local pubs
local restaurant
local restaurants
local shops
located close
located directly
located hotel
located near
located right
location close
location excellent
location good
location great
location location
location location location
location makes
location near
location perfect
location price
location right
location service
location stayed
location wise
locker room
lombard street
london attractions
london breakfast
london bridge
london bridge hotel
london bridge station
london city
london city airport
london close
london elizabeth
london especially
london hotel
london hotel rooms
london hotels
london location
london overall
london prices
london rooms
london standards
london stay
london stayed
london trip
london underground
long blocks
long check
long days
long distance
long drive
long flight
long hallway
long island
long journey
long line
long lines
long night
long queue
long queues
long stay
long story short
long time
long trip
long wait
long waits
long walk
long walks
long weekend
longer stay
longer stays
longer walk
look around
look forward
look good
looked around
looked clean
looked forward
looked good
looked great
looked nice
looking forward
looks good
looks great
looks nice
loud music
loud noise
loud noises
lounge area
lounge around
lounge chair
lounge chairs
love staying
loved having
loved staying
loved york
lovely area
lovely bathroom
lovely boutique hotel
lovely breakfast
lovely clean
lovely experience
lovely hotel
lovely location
lovely meal
lovely place
lovely restaurants
lovely room
lovely rooms
lovely staff
lovely stay
lovely surprise
lovely time
lovely touch
lovely view
lovely views
lovely walk
lower east
lower floor
lower floors
lower ground floor
lower level
lower manhattan
lower price
lower rate
luggage rack
luggage room
luggage storage
luke warm
luna simone
lunch buffet
lunch time
luxurious hotel
luxury hotel
luxury hotels
luxury room
madame tussauds
madinat jumeirah
madison avenue
madison square garden
magnificent mile
magnificent view
maid came
maid service
maid staff
main area
main areas
main attraction
main attractions
main bedroom
main building
main complaint
main concern
main course
main desk
main door
main drag
main entrance
main floor
main gripe
main hotel
main issue
main lobby
main pool
main problem
main reason
main reasons
main reception
main restaurant
main road
main roads
main room
main shopping area
main shopping areas
main shopping street
main sights
main street
main street station
main streets
main strip
main thing
maintenance came
maintenance staff
major attractions
major cities
major city
major complaint
major complaints
major disappointment
major hotels
major issue
major plus
major problem
major problems
major renovation
major sights
major sites
major tourist attractions
make matters worse
make reservations
make sense
make sure
makes sense
making facilities
making reservations
making sure
manager came
manager said
manager told
managers reception
mandalay hotel
mandarin oriental
manhattan club
manhattan diner
manhattan hotel
manhattan hotels
manhattan standards
marble arch
marble arch tube station
marble bathroom
marble bathrooms
marble floors
marina district
mark hopkins
market street
marriott chateau champlain
marriott hotel
marriott hotels
marriott marquis
marriott points
marriott properties
marriott website
martins lane
master bedroom
maybe thats
mccormick place
mcgill university
meatpacking district
meet friends
meeting room
meeting rooms
melia white house
memorable experience
memorable stay
memorial weekend
meters away
metres away
metro card
metro line
metro station
metro stations
metro stop
metro stops
metropolitan museum
mexican restaurant
mezzanine level
michigan avenue
microwave oven
middle east
midtown manhattan
midway airport
mile away
mile walk
miles away
milford plaza
millenium hilton
millenium park
millennium gloucester
millennium park
mina salam
mind paying
mind staying
mind walking
mineral water
mini bars
mini fridge
mini kitchen
mini prices
mini refrigerator
mini suite
minor complaint
minor complaints
minor gripe
minor inconvenience
minor issue
minor issues
minor point
minor problem
minor problems
minor thing
minor things
mins away
mins later
mins walk
mins walk away
minute away
minute booking
minute deal
minute drive
minute ride
minute stroll
minute taxi ride
minute trip
minute wait
minute walk
minute walk away
minutes away
minutes drive
minutes late
minutes later
minutes walk
minutes walk away
minutes walking
minutes walking distance
miracle mile
mixed experience
mixed feelings
mixed reviews
mobile phone
modern amenities
modern bathroom
modern clean
modern conveniences
modern decor
modern design
modern feel
modern furnishings
modern hotel
modern hotels
modern look
modern looking
modern room
modern rooms
modern style
molton brown toiletries
monaco tower
monday morning
monday night
money considering
money especially
money hotel
money paid
money spent
money stay
money stayed
moneys worth
monorail station
monorail stop
mont royal
monte carlo
month baby
month daughter
month later
months later
months prior
morning around
morning breakfast
morning coffee
morning paper
moscone center
mount royal
moved rooms
movie theater
movie theatre
moving around
muir woods
muni pass
murray hill
music playing
musty smell
myself stayed
nanjing road
narrow stairs
national gallery
natural history
natural history museum
natural light
navy pier
near future
near times square
near union square
nearby hotel
nearby hotels
nearby restaurant
nearby restaurants
nearest station
nearest subway
nearest subway station
nearest tube
nearest tube station
nearly impossible
need help
needed help
needs perfectly
needs updating
negative aspect
negative comment
negative comments
negative experience
negative point
negative points
negative review
negative reviews
negative thing
negative things
neighboring rooms
neighbouring rooms
nevern square
newark airport
newer hotels
newly decorated
newly refurbished
newly remodeled
newly renovated
newly renovated room
newly renovated rooms
nice addition
nice amenities
nice area
nice atmosphere
nice bars
nice bathroom
nice bathrooms
nice beds
nice bonus
nice boutique hotel
nice break
nice breakfast
nice change
nice clean
nice clean hotel
nice clean room
nice comfortable
nice continental breakfast
nice decor
nice dinner
nice especially
nice experience
nice feature
nice flat screen
nice food
nice friendly
nice furnishings
nice furniture
nice gesture
nice having
nice hotel
nice hotel good location
nice hotel great location
nice hotel stayed
nice hotels
nice lady
nice large
nice linens
nice little
nice little hotel
nice lobby
nice location
nice looking
nice lounge
nice meal
nice neighborhood
nice overall
nice people
nice place
nice places
nice plus
nice pool
nice price
nice property
nice quiet
nice restaurant
nice restaurants
nice room
nice rooms
nice selection
nice service
nice shops
nice shower
nice sitting area
nice size
nice sized
nice spot
nice staff
nice stay
nice stayed
nice suite
nice surprise
nice thing
nice things
nice time
nice toiletries
nice touch
nice touches
nice treat
nice variety
nice view
nice views
nice walk
nicely appointed
nicely decorated
nicely designed
nicely furnished
nicely laid
nicely located
nicely presented
nicely sized
nicer hotel
nicer hotels
nicer place
nicer places
nicer room
nicer rooms
nicest hotel
nicest hotels
night around
night away
night booked
night break
night breakfast
night check
night club
night clubs
night extra
night flight
night free
night hotel
night including
night including breakfast
night including taxes
night life
night location
night long
night manager
night overall
night parking
night plus
night plus taxes
night porter
night rate
night room
night rooms
night staff
night stand
night stay
night stayed
night stop
night stopover
night table
night time
night trip
nightly rate
nightly turn
nights booked
nights recently
nights room
nights sleep
nights stay
ninth floor
noise coming
noise issue
noise issues
noise level
noise levels
noise outside
noise problem
noise problems
noisy hotel
noisy neighbors
noisy outside
noisy room
noisy street
nonsmoking room
normal check
normal hotel
normal price
normal rate
normal room
normal size
normally stay
north america
north american standards
north beach
north tower
northern line
notch hotel
notch service
notre dame
notre dame basilica
notting hill
numerous hotels
numerous occasions
numerous restaurants
numerous times
office block
office building
office buildings
office staff
official check
ohare airport
okay hotel
older building
older hotel
older hotels
older people
older property
older rooms
omni berkshire
omni hotel
omni mont royal
online booking
open hours
open late
open mind
open till
open window
open windows
opposite direction
orange juice
orange line
orchard garden
orchard garden hotel
orchard hotel
order breakfast
order food
order room service
ordered breakfast
ordered room service
original booking
original hotel
original room
originally booked
originally planned
ottima posizione
ottimo hotel
outdoor pool
outlet mall
outrageously expensive
outside noise
outstanding hotel
outstanding service
outstanding value
overall experience
overall feel
overall impression
overall service
overall stay
overly friendly
overly helpful
overly impressed
overly large
overnight flight
overnight parking
overnight stay
oxford circus
oxford street
oyster card
pacific heights
package deal
paddington station
paddington tube station
paid around
paid dollars
paid extra
paid night
paid pounds
painfully slow
paint peeling
palace hotel
palace station
palm court
palm island
palm tree court
palm trees
palmer house
palmer house hilton
palms place
pancras station
panoramic view
paradise tower
paris hotel
park avenue
park bench
park central
park hotel
park hyatt
park international
park lane
park plaza
park south
park view
park view room
parker meridien
parking area
parking available
parking charge
parking garage
parking lots
parking pass
parking situation
parking space
parking spaces
parking spot
parking ticket
partial view
particular hotel
particular room
particularly enjoyed
particularly friendly
particularly good
particularly helpful
particularly impressed
particularly liked
particularly nice
partner stayed
partners birthday
past midnight
past months
past reviews
past week
past weekend
past year
past years
patricks cathedral
pauls cathedral
paying extra
paying guests
peak hours
peak season
peak times
peeling paint
peeling wallpaper
penn station
penny slots
penthouse suite
people around
people checking
people come
people coming
people complain
people complained
people complaining
people expect
people going
people know
people looking
people said
people staying
people talking
people trying
people using
people waiting
people walking
people wanting
people watch
people watching
people working
peoples square
perfect base
perfect choice
perfect close
perfect condition
perfect hotel
perfect location
perfect place
perfect right
perfect room
perfect size
perfect spot
perfect start
perfect stay
perfect view
perfectly acceptable
perfectly adequate
perfectly clean
perfectly comfortable
perfectly fine
perfectly formed
perfectly happy
perfectly located
perfectly situated
person working
personal attention
personal items
personal preference
personal service
personal touch
petite auberge
phone book
phone calls
phone card
phone number
phone rang
phoned reception
piano player
picadilly circus
picadilly line
piccadilly circus
piccadilly line
picky person
pillow cases
pillow menu
pizza express
pizza place
place darmes
place looks
place needs
places around
places nearby
plan ahead
planet hollywood
plasma screen
plastic cups
platinum member
players card
players club
plaza hotel
pleasant experience
pleasant helpful
pleasant hotel
pleasant place
pleasant room
pleasant staff
pleasant stay
pleasant surprise
pleasant walk
pleasantly suprised
pleasantly surprised
pleasently surprised
plenty large
plus point
plus points
plus taxes
poached eggs
poker room
police station
polite friendly
polite helpful
polite staff
politely asked
polo towers
pool area
pool areas
pool deck
pool facilities
pool itself
pool staff
pool table
pool view
poor condition
poor customer service
poor experience
poor hotel
poor lighting
poor quality
poor reception
poor reviews
poor service
poor value
port authority
port authority terminal
posh hotel
positive comments
positive experience
positive note
positive review
positive reviews
positive thing
positive things
possibly need
possibly want
post office
postage stamp
pouring rain
powell station
powell street
power shower
powerful shower
premier inns
premier room
premier travel
premium room
presidential suite
pretty average
pretty basic
pretty busy
pretty cheap
pretty clean
pretty close
pretty comfortable
pretty cool
pretty decent
pretty easy
pretty expensive
pretty good
pretty good deal
pretty good location
pretty good value
pretty happy
pretty hard
pretty high
pretty large
pretty loud
pretty nice
pretty noisy
pretty poor
pretty pricey
pretty quiet
pretty reasonable
pretty small
pretty spacious
pretty standard
pretty sure
previous comments
previous guest
previous guests
previous hotel
previous night
previous occupant
previous occupants
previous poster
previous posts
previous review
previous reviewer
previous reviewers
previous reviews
previous room
previous stay
previous stays
previous trip
previous trips
previous visit
previous visits
previously mentioned
previously stayed
price bracket
price compared
price difference
price list
price location
price paid
price point
price range
price stayed
priced hotel
prime location
print boarding passes
prior reviews
prison cell
private bath
private bathroom
private beach
private party
private room
probably better
probably look
probably stay
probably wont
probably wont stay
problem checking
problem finding
problem getting
problem staying
problems checking
problems getting
problems sleeping
problems started
problems whatsoever
professional friendly
professional staff
property itself
pubic hair
public areas
public rooms
public spaces
public transit
public transport
public transportation
pubs nearby
pudong airport
pullout sofa
pump room
pure luxury
quad room
quality hotel
quality service
quebec city
queen anne
queen beds
queen elizabeth
queen room
queen size
queen size beds
queen sized
queen sized beds
queen suite
queensway tube station
questions asked
quick access
quick bite
quick breakfast
quick check
quick drink
quick ride
quick trip
quick walk
quickly checked
quiet area
quiet breakfast
quiet clean
quiet despite
quiet hotel
quiet location
quiet neighborhood
quiet place
quiet room
quiet rooms
quiet street
quieter room
quite adequate
quite annoying
quite basic
quite busy
quite cheap
quite clean
quite close
quite cold
quite comfortable
quite convenient
quite crowded
quite dark
quite difficult
quite dirty
quite disappointed
quite easy
quite expensive
quite frankly
quite friendly
quite good
quite happy
quite hard
quite helpful
quite high
quite impressed
quite impressive
quite large
quite late
quite loud
quite lovely
quite modern
quite nice
quite noisy
quite pleasant
quite pleased
quite possibly
quite pricey
quite quiet
quite ready
quite reasonable
quite rude
quite safe
quite satisfied
quite simply
quite slow
quite small
quite spacious
quite sure
quite surprised
quite warm
quot business centerquot
quot deluxequot room
quot homequot
quot hotelquot
quot quot
quot roomquot
quot sorry
quot suitequot
quot upgradedquot
quot upgradequot
quot viewquot
quot wquot
rack rate
rack rates
radio city music hall
rail station
railway station
rain shower
rang reception
rate included
rave reviews
read previous reviews
read reviews
readily available
reading previous reviews
reading reviews
ready early
real bargain
real bonus
real complaint
real complaints
real deal
real disappointment
real downside
real hotel
real issue
real pleasure
real plus
real problem
real problems
real treat
real value
reasonable compared
reasonable cost
reasonable hotel
reasonable place
reasonable price
reasonable prices
reasonable rate
reasonable rates
reasonable size
reasonable value
reasonable walking distance
reasonably clean
reasonably comfortable
reasonably priced
reasonably priced hotel
reasonably quiet
reasonably sized
recent business trip
recent renovation
recent reviews
recent stay
recent trip
recent visit
recent years
recently refurbished
recently remodeled
recently renovated
recently returned
recently spent
recently spent nights
recently stayed
recently updated
reception area
reception desk
reception said
reception staff
reception told
receptionist said
receptionist told
recommend asking
recommend booking
recommend eating
recommend getting
recommend going
recommend highly
recommend staying
recommend taking
recommend using
redeeming feature
reduced rate
refreshing change
refurbished room
refurbished rooms
regency club
regent street
regents park
registration desk
regular basis
regular check
regular hotel
regular price
regular rate
regular room
regular rooms
relatively cheap
relatively clean
relatively close
relatively inexpensive
relatively quiet
relatively small
relaxed atmosphere
relaxing atmosphere
relaxing place
relaxing stay
remaining nights
remember correctly
remote control
renaissance chancery court
rene levesque
renovated recently
renovated room
renovated rooms
replaced daily
replenished daily
replied quot
requested early check
reservation desk
residential area
residential neighborhood
restaurant area
restaurant attached
restaurant choices
restaurant downstairs
restaurant food
restaurant manager
restaurant recommendations
restaurant reservations
restaurant service
restaurant staff
restaurant suggestions
restaurants around
restaurants bars
restaurants close
restaurants near
restaurants nearby
restaurants pubs
restaurants shopping
restaurants shops
return flight
return home
return journey
return later
return trip
return visit
returned home
returned later
returning home
reviewer mentioned
reviewer said
reviews mentioned
reviews posted
reviews prior
reviews read
reviews said
revolving restaurant
rhodes hotel
ride away
ridiculously expensive
ridiculously small
right around
right away
right choice
right decision
right direction
right downtown
right hand
right hotel
right near
right opposite
right outside
right place
right price
right room
right size
right time
ritz carlton
river north
river thames
river view
river view room
riviera hotel
road noise
road outside
road trip
rock canyon
rock hard
rockefeller center
rockefeller centre
roger williams
roll away
roller coaster
romantic break
romantic getaway
romantic weekend
roof terrace
rooftop pool
rooftop restaurant
rooftop terrace
room actually
room amenities
room appeared
room around
room available
room away
room bathroom
room booked
room breakfast
room came
room card
room change
room changed
room charge
room check
room clean
room cleaned
room cleaning
room close
room coffee
room coffee maker
room comes
room comfortable
room contained
room cool
room cost
room decor
room despite
room dining
room directly
room does
room door
room doors
room early
room especially
room faced
room faces
room facilities
room facing
room felt
room floor
room free
room fridge
room furnishings
room given
room hadnt
room high
room higher
room hotel
room immediately
room included
room including
room instead
room internet
room internet access
room itself
room keys
room lacked
room later
room left
room location
room looked
room looking
room near
room needed
room nice
room number
room numbers
room offered
room online
room opened
room overall
room overlooked
room overlooking
room phone
room plus
room price
room prices
room quality
room quickly
room quot
room rate
room rates
room ready
room reeked
room right
room right away
room room
room rooms
room safe
room safes
room service
room service breakfast
room service food
room service menu
room service staff
room size
room sizes
room small
room smelled
room smelt
room spacious
room staff
room stank
room stayed
room straight away
room suite
room temperature
room thats
room theres
room turned
room twice
room type
room unfortunately
room upgrade
room view
room went
room window
room worked
rooms arent
rooms around
rooms available
rooms booked
rooms clean
rooms face
rooms facing
rooms left
rooms look
rooms looked
rooms need
rooms ready
rooms small
rooms stayed
rose petals
round trip
royal albert hall
royal horseguards
royal lancaster
royal meridien
royal mews
royal mirage
royal national
royal park
rude staff
running around
running late
running water
rush hour
rush street
russell hotel
russell square
russell square tube station
safe area
safe clean
safe deposit
safe location
safe neighborhood
safe place
safe walking
safety deposit
said hello
said quot
saint sulpice
sales pitch
sams town
saturday afternoon
saturday evening
saturday morning
saturday night
saturday nights
save money
saved money
saving grace
saying quot
says quot
science museum
scrambled eggs
scuff marks
sears tower
seasons hotel
seating area
second bedroom
second floor
second floor room
second morning
second night
second room
second stay
second time
second time around
second time staying
second trip
second visit
second walk
second week
seconds away
secret hotel
security guard
security guards
security staff
seen better days
self park
self parking
self service
selling point
separate bath
separate bedroom
separate beds
separate living room
separate occasions
separate room
separate rooms
separate shower
separate sitting area
separate toilet
separate walk
seperate bedroom
seperate shower
serve breakfast
served breakfast
service charge
service elevator
service excellent
service hotel
service industry
service level
service oriented
service overall
service provided
service quality
service staff
serviced daily
seven days
seven nights
seventh floor
shanti home
shared bath
shared bathroom
shared bathrooms
sheikh zayed road
shelburne murray hill
shelf space
sheraton hotel
sherlock holmes
shop around
shopping area
shopping areas
shopping bags
shopping center
shopping centre
shopping dining
shopping district
shopping mall
shopping malls
shopping restaurants
shopping trip
shops around
shops nearby
shops restaurants
short block
short blocks
short blocks away
short break
short distance
short drive
short minute walk
short notice
short ride
short ride away
short stay
short stays
short stroll
short taxi ride
short time
short trip
short visit
short wait
short walk
short walk away
short walking distance
shower area
shower cubicle
shower curtain
shower door
shower head
shower heads
shower leaked
shower pressure
shower room
shower stall
shower worked
showing signs
shut properly
shuttle service
sight seeing
silk market
similar experience
similar hotels
similar price
simply amazing
simply perfect
simply wonderful
single beds
single complaint
single night
single person
single room
single rooms
single thing
single time
single traveler
single traveller
single woman
sink area
sister hotel
sister hotels
sister property
site parking
site restaurant
site seeing
sitting area
sitting room
situated close
situated right
sixth floor
size beds
size fridge
size room
skyline hotel
slamming doors
sleep late
sleeper sofa
sleeping area
sleepless night
sleepless nights
slept fine
slept great
slept soundly
sliding door
sliding doors
slight downside
slight problem
slightly better
slightly bigger
slightly dated
slightly disappointed
slightly larger
slightly small
slightly smaller
slightly worried
sloane square
slot machine
slot machines
slow elevators
slow service
small area
small balcony
small bathroom
small bathrooms
small bottle
small bottles
small boutique hotel
small breakfast
small cafe
small child
small children
small clean
small closet
small compared
small complaint
small desk
small details
small double
small elevator
small elevators
small especially
small flat screen
small fortune
small fridge
small group
small hotel
small hotels
small issue
small issues
small kids
small kitchen
small kitchen area
small kitchenette
small lobby
small park
small pool
small price
small problem
small problems
small refrigerator
small restaurant
small restaurants
small room
small rooms
small selection
small shops
small shower
small sink
small sitting area
small size
small space
small suite
small table
small thing
small things
small touches
small wardrobe
small window
smaller hotel
smaller hotels
smaller room
smaller rooms
smallest hotel room
smallest room
smallest rooms
smoke free
smoke smell
smoked salmon
smoking floor
smoking hotel
smoking room
smoking rooms
smoking rooms available
soap dish
soda machine
sofitel james
soft drinks
soft pillows
soho grand
soho hotel
soldier field
solid choice
solid hotel
solo traveler
solo traveller
somewhat dated
somewhat disappointed
somewhat small
sorely disappointed
sound insulation
sound proof
sound proofed
sound proofing
south bank
south kensington
south point
south street seaport
south tower
space heater
spacious bathroom
spacious clean
spacious comfortable
spacious compared
spacious room
spacious rooms
sparkling clean
sparkling wine
speak english
speak french
speak highly
special deal
special hotel
special mention
special occasion
special offer
special place
special rate
special request
special requests
special thanks
special treat
special trip
specifically asked
specifically requested
spectacular view
spectacular views
spend alot
spend money
spend nights
spend time
spending money
spending nights
spending time
spent days
spent hours
spent nights
spent time
spoke english
sports book
spotless clean
spotlessly clean
spring break
springhill suites
square feet
square footage
square phillips
staff around
staff came
staff courteous
staff does
staff especially
staff extremely helpful
staff friendly
staff gave
staff greeted
staff helped
staff helpful
staff knew
staff know
staff make
staff member
staff members
staff offered
staff overall
staff person
staff pleasant
staff polite
staff said
staff service
staff told
staff treated
staff tried
staff went
staff working
stale smoke
standard double
standard double room
standard fare
standard hotel
standard hotel room
standard king room
standard rate
standard room
standard rooms
standard size
stanford court
star establishment
star experience
star hotel
star hotels
star luxury
star price
star prices
star properties
star property
star quality
star rating
star resort
star room
star service
star standard
starbucks coffee
starbucks right
stars hotel
starwood hotels
starwood points
starwood properties
state street
staten island ferry
stay away
stay breakfast
stay check
stay clear
stay close
stay closer
stay comfortable
stay downtown
stay enjoyable
stay especially
stay hotel
stay longer
stay memorable
stay near
stay nights
stay open
stay overall
stay overnight
stay right
stay room
stay special
stay staff
stay stayed
stayed days
stayed longer
stayed night
stayed nights
stayed overnight
stayed twice
staying downtown
staying longer
staying nights
steak house
steam room
steep hill
steep stairs
steer clear
step outside
steps away
stocked mini
stones throw
stones throw away
stop outside
stop right
stop right outside
stopped working
stops away
stops right
storage room
storage space
store luggage
straight away
strand palace
strange smell
strange thing
street away
street level
street noise
street outside
street parking
street people
street traffic
street view
streets around
streets away
strip casinos
strip hotel
strip hotels
strip stayed
strip view
strip view room
strong smell
strongly advise
strongly recommend
strongly suggest
studio apartment
studio room
studio suite
stunning hotel
stunning view
stunning views
stylish hotel
subway entrance
subway line
subway lines
subway station
subway stations
subway stop
subway stops
suggest going
suggest staying
suite bathroom
suite hotel
suite itself
suite room
summer months
summer palace
sunday afternoon
sunday brunch
sunday evening
sunday morning
sunday night
super clean
super close
super comfortable
super comfy
super convenient
super friendly
super helpful
super hotel
super location
super nice
super quiet
superb hotel
superb location
superb service
superb value
superior double
superior double room
superior king room
superior room
superior rooms
surprisingly good
surprisingly large
surprisingly quiet
surrounding area
surrounding areas
surrounding neighborhood
surrounding streets
sussex gardens
swimming pool
swimming pool area
swimming pools
switch rooms
switched rooms
table games
tahiti village
taken aback
taken away
taken care
takes forever
takes minutes
taking advantage
taking care
taking place
tastefully decorated
tastefully furnished
tate modern
taxi driver
taxi drivers
taxi fare
taxi fares
taxi ride
taxi service
teacoffee facilities
teacoffee making facilities
teenage boys
teenage children
teenage daughter
teenage daughters
teething problems
temperature control
tenderloin district
tenth floor
terrible experience
terrible hotel
terrible place
terrible reviews
terrible service
terrific hotel
terrific location
terrific place
terrific stay
terrific value
terrific view
tesco express
thai restaurant
thames river
thank goodness
thanksgiving holiday
thanksgiving weekend
thats exactly
theater district
theater tickets
theatre break
theatre district
theatre land
theatre tickets
theatre trip
theres plenty
thing going
thing happened
thing missing
things considered
things happen
think stay
think thats
think twice
think youll
thirty thirty
thistle hotel
thistle marble arch
thistle victoria
thoroughly enjoyed
thoroughly recommend
thought maybe
thought quot
thursday night
tianamen square
tiananmen square
tick tock diner
tight budget
time around
time breakfast
time going
time hotel
time looking
time outside
time overall
time round
time share
time square
time stay
time stayed
time staying
time visit
time visitor
time visitors
timely manner
times better
times square
times square area
timeshare presentation
tiny bathroom
tiny room
tiny rooms
tired hotel
tired looking
tkts booth
toilet paper
toilet roll
toilet seat
toiletries provided
told quot
told reception
took advantage
took ages
took away
took care
took forever
took hours
took mins
took minutes
took quite
took time
total cost
totally recommend
totally unacceptable
totally worth
tottenham court road
tour buses
tour company
tour group
tour groups
tour guide
tour operator
tourist area
tourist areas
tourist attractions
tourist sights
tourist sites
tourist spots
tourist trap
touristy area
touristy areas
touristy things
towel rack
towel warmer
towels changed
towels provided
tower bridge
tower hill
tower hill tube station
tower room
tower rooms
town manhattan
trader joes
trafalgar square
traffic noise
traffic outside
train noise
train station
train stations
train tracks
transport links
travel agency
travel agent
travel agents
travel alot
travel around
travel card
travel desk
travel extensively
travel frequently
travel lodge
travel plans
travel quite
travel sites
traveled extensively
travelled extensively
travelling around
treasure island
trendy hotel
tribeca grand
trip adviser
trip advisor
trip advisor reviews
tripadvisor reviews
triple room
trouble finding
trouble getting
trouble sleeping
trouser press
truly amazing
truly enjoyed
trump hotel
trump tower
tube line
tube lines
tube station
tube stations
tube stop
tube stops
tucked away
tuesday night
turn around
turn left
turn right
turndown service
turned around
turned away
twin beds
twin room
twin rooms
typical hotel
ultra modern
unbeatable location
undergoing renovation
undergoing renovations
underground city
underground lines
underground parking
underground station
underground stations
understand english
unfriendly staff
unhelpful staff
union square
union square area
union station
unique experience
unique hotel
united nations
united states
unpleasant experience
upgraded room
upgraded rooms
upper east
upper floor
upper floor room
upper floors
upper level
upper west
upscale hotel
upscale hotels
used points
used priceline
used room service
user friendly
usual amenities
usual hotel
usually stay
valentines weekend
valet park
valet parked
valet parking
valet service
valet staff
vanity area
various hotels
various places
various restaurants
vegas blvd
vegas club
vegas experience
vegas hilton
vegas hotel
vegas hotels
vegas standards
vegas stay
vegas stayed
vegas strip
vegas times
vegas trip
vending machine
vending machines
vice versa
victoria coach station
victoria line
victoria park plaza
victoria station
victoria train station
video poker
vieux montreal
view movies
view room
villa florence
virgin holidays
visit chicago
visit dubai
visit family
visit francisco
visit london
visit montreal
visit vegas
visit york
visited london
visited montreal
visited vegas
visited york
visiting chicago
visiting dubai
visiting family
visiting francisco
visiting friends
visiting london
visiting montreal
visiting vegas
visiting york
wait around
wait hours
wait long
wait mins
wait minutes
wait outside
wait staff
wait till
wait time
waited minutes
waiting around
waiting minutes
waiting outside
waiting staff
waldorf astoria
waldorf hilton
walk around
walk away
walk blocks
walk minutes
walk outside
walk past
walk right
walk round
walk straight
walked around
walked away
walked past
walked right
walking around
walking distance
wall paper
wall street
wander around
wandering around
wangfujing street
want luxury
wardrobe space
warm friendly
warm water
warm weather
warm welcome
warmly greeted
warmly welcomed
wash basin
wash cloths
washing machine
water bottles
water came
water damage
water park
water pressure
water running
water taxi
water temperature
water tower
water tower place
waterloo station
wave pool
weather forecast
website says
wedding anniversary
wedding night
wedding party
wedding reception
wednesday night
week holiday
week later
week long stay
week prior
week stay
week trip
week vacation
weekend away
weekend break
weekend getaway
weekend nights
weekend rate
weekend stay
weekend trip
weeks later
weeks prior
weeks stay
weight machines
welcome change
welcome drink
welcome relief
welcoming staff
wembley stadium
went ahead
went around
went away
went downstairs
went outside
went shopping
went smoothly
went straight
went upstairs
went wrong
werent able
werent bothered
werent disappointed
werent expecting
werent going
werent looking
werent sure
west coast
west street
west theatres
west tower
west village
west wing
western food
westin francis
westin hotel
westin times square
westminster abbey
westminster bridge
weve stayed
wharf area
white noise
white swan
white wine
wholeheartedly recommend
wide choice
wide open
wide range
wide selection
wide variety
wife daughter
wife loved
wife stayed
wifes birthday
wifi access
wild wadi
wild wadi water park
window closed
window faced
window facing
window looked
window open
window opened
window seat
window sill
window unit
windows closed
windows open
windows opened
windy city
wine country
wine glasses
wine hour
wine list
wine reception
wine tasting
wired internet
wireless access
wireless connection
wireless internet
wireless internet access
wonderful breakfast
wonderful city
wonderful experience
wonderful food
wonderful hotel
wonderful location
wonderful nights
wonderful place
wonderful restaurants
wonderful room
wonderful rooms
wonderful service
wonderful staff
wonderful stay
wonderful surprise
wonderful things
wonderful time
wonderful trip
wonderful view
wonderful views
wonderful weekend
wonderfully comfortable
wont regret
wont stay
wont want
wooden floors
work desk
work going
work hard
work properly
work trip
worked fine
worked great
worked perfectly
working order
working properly
workout facility
workout room
world charm
world class
world trip
worse hotel
worse hotels
worst enemy
worst experience
worst hotel
worst hotel experience
worst hotels
worst place
worst room
worst service
worst stay
worst thing
worth checking
worth considering
worth doing
worth getting
worth going
worth mentioning
worth noting
worth paying
worth seeing
worth staying
worth visiting
wrigley field
write home
write reviews
writing desk
wrong hotel
wrong place
wrong room
yards away
year anniversary
year daughter
year mother
year olds
year stayed
york city
york hotel
york hotels
york palace
york standards
york times
york york
youd expect
youd want
youll love
youll need
young child
young children
young couple
young kids
young lady
young people
young woman
younger crowd
youth hostel
youï¿½re looking
